An example of a WMD is whatever formula they use to figure out how likely it
is a convict will be able to reintegrate into society and not commit again.
This is called "Likelihood for recidivism" and can effect a lot of things.
Those with a lower likelihood can possibly be saved form harsher punishment,
where as someone with a high likelihood can be placed in worse circumstances.

Prevent lost causes from walking the streets freely again if there's a high
chance they'll hurt someone else. Sounds like pretty solid idea right? Not
when math is involved. Computers are incredibly smart but they're not exactly
socially and emotional intelligent. This can result in them reducing human
beings with a complex range of circumstances in endless combinations to merely
a series of demographics and statistics. When computer data based on
demographic statistics that are usually presented as cold hard fact but are often
skewed and misinterpreted by prejudice and inability to recognize years worth
of complex chains of events come into play, it's a recipe for disaster.
It's easy to connect the dots and say this model is actively harmful to
marginalized and low income communities.

I think giving one prisoner a lighter or heavier sentence than another
who committed the same crime can actually work, but it has to be done
using a wide range of purely human evaluation. This way, the full range
of complex circumstances in one's life and situation can be accounted for,
as well as empathy for the victim, and psychological evaluation.
For example, if a rigorous, non mathematical evaluation is used to study two
people who committed very similar murders, perhaps one may discover the
first killer did so out of petty anger, and the second wanted justice for
a loved one brutally hurt by the victim, who got away with it. While both should 
serve at least the minimum time for first degree murder, it's clear the
second person was only made a killer by an extremely upsetting and dismal
circumstance, so they shouldn't be barred from reintegrating into society.
